hey there movie lovers how's it going
i'm john from fast films and today we're
going to be talking about a 2017
american horror film called the terror
of hallows eve at the beginning of the
movie we're taken to the 30th of october
three girlfriends are walking home from
school together gossiping as they part
ways one of them finds a trail of blood
she follows it to some trash cans and
finds a boy named timmy laying dead
the completely gutted body sprays blood
and guts all over her face
she screams and runs away as she leaves
the boy gets up and takes the bloody
props off to reveal it was all a prank
the girl's father drags timmy to his
house and complains to his mom about his
recurring behavior he intimidatingly
tells her that he's sick of tim's pranks
however after the mother threatens to
call the police he lets him go and
leaves
later timmy's mother tries to make him
stop the pranks she tells him that
people don't like such jokes and they
could earn him a bad reputation timmy
sits at the table making a sculpture as
he listens to her she explains that no
one understands how smart he is and
requests him not to prank anyone from
now on to avoid getting in trouble timmy
agrees and his mother leaves to go to
work at night while sitting in his room
feeling extremely bored timmy starts
sketching a creepy monster in his
drawing pad
he hears a door creek and goes out into
the hall to investigate the cellar door
in the hall creaks open driven by his
curiosity timmy gets in he checks the
old closet to see where the noise is
coming from
suddenly the monster he'd been drawing
leaps at him from within and then
disappears into thin air
timmy finds old halloween photos of his
family in the old junk
this takes him down the memory lane to
his childhood his father was a drunkard
and a drug addict with a short temper
one day timmy had found his father's
drugs as a result his parents got into
an ugly fight we're then brought back to
the present where timmy cries at the
memory in the pile he also finds a book
titled the book of halloween
he comes across an eerie poem in the
book and reads it he also notices a
creepy picture next to the poem labeled
the trickster in the morning while
timmy's at the store he watches a store
employee called april who's there with
her boyfriend brian timmy's mom walks in
and starts chatting with april she asks
timmy if he remembers her timmy zones
out and starts fantasizing about her
when he snaps back to reality he gets
mad at his mother for calling him timmy
instead of tim and thus embarrassing him
in front of the others
feeling enraged and embarrassed he walks
out of the store outside the store he
sees brian and his friends talking timmy
opens the door of his car accidentally
scratching brian's car during the act
this enrages brian he and his friend
surround timmy and start throwing
insults at him
just as they're about to assault him
timmy's mother rushes out to his rescue
and threatens to call the cops
the threat scares the bullies and they
leave tim alone timmy and his mom then
leave the parking lot and drive away
later his mother suggests making a
complaint against brian at school timmy
lashes out at her for meddling in his
business all the time
timmy says something disrespectful
earning him a slap across the face
however she immediately realizes her
mistake and apologizes just then the
doorbell rings timmy opens the door to
see his mom's friend outside his mom
asks him to get groceries and walks
outside with her friend
tim eavesdrops on their conversation in
the driveway which reveals that she is
having a lot of financial issues
when her friend walks away she gets in
the car and cries after that she drives
away in the next scene timmy walks down
to the store where april works
they have a friendly chat at the counter
as they're making small talk a spider
appears on the counter scaring april
immensely
tim takes it out of the store for her as
he leaves
outside the store he's again surrounded
by brian and his friends
they snatch his magazines and pour milk
on his head they then burst out in
laughter and ridicule him tim fantasizes
about hitting brian he manages to get a
hit at him but ends up getting beaten up
by him instead
a very hurt tim then limps out onto a
dirt road he finds a pumpkin on the road
and brings it home he puts it on the
table and starts scooping it out and
carving it angrily
while angrily cutting it he starts
babbling to himself saying he wishes to
scare all the people who caused him pain
to death
while he's at it a drop of his blood
falls on the pumpkin
he then leaves it to attend to some
trick or treaters at his door
after a while while he's watching tv the
doorbell rings again and more kids
appear at his door
as he gives them candy a light inside
the garage breaks indicating some
paranormal occurrence
the pumpkin he left in the garage is now
glowing orange as timmy stares at it in
the dark a terrifying demonic entity
appears in the corner
it looks like the trickster from the
book he'd read earlier the trickster
tells tim that he made a wish and now
it's time to play
timmy starts thinking he's hallucinating
but it's in fact a reality the demon
introduces himself as the trickster and
he promises tim that he'll help him
scare his bullies to death
at night tim shows up outside the store
to find brian and his friends there
along with april who just closed up her
store
tim threatens them and they start
chasing him april also runs after them
trying to get them to stop timmy keeps
teasing the bullies infuriating them
even more as they give chase
during the chase brian ends up in
timmy's house to see halloween
decorations inside happy halloween
[ __ ] is written on the wall april
tries to put an end to the chase but
they all start looking for tim inside
the house brian goes to a room upstairs
to look followed by april who
continuously keeps trying to make him
leave
brian however is adamant on finding him
and keeps looking around the dark room
with a flashlight at her office timmy's
mother is shown where she's all stressed
up and is constantly messing up because
of her depression she tries to call
timmy on the landline but he doesn't
pick up
back at the house the trickster tells
timmy that it's time to teach the
bullies a lesson two of brian's friends
enter separate rooms to look for tim one
of them closes the door behind him and
surprisingly finds himself in the middle
of a forest while the other one finds
himself in a creepy room with balloons
and a weird face with a huge smile
painted on the wall
brian finds tim's art stuff in the
garage and calls him a weirdo
the friend that teleported to the woods
finds a camping site and encounters a
demon with a pig's face
while the one in the weird clown room
gets spooked by a pop-up clown toy
timmy's mother finally reaches him on
the phone she tells him that she will be
late he tells her he's tired and doesn't
feel like talking as he hangs up the
phone the trickster tells timmy that the
stage is set for revenge as tim sketches
his bully in the woods
back inside the woods the guy finds a
table set with a candle and a pie on top
he sits down at the table and starts
eating the pie upon sensing something
strange he looks up at the trees when he
looks back down he finds the pie filled
with worms he gets up disgusted and
finds himself face to face with a demon
it scares the living hell out of him
making him bold away
he keeps puking and trying to escape as
the demon tails him constantly he falls
after a while and the demon starts
cutting into him with a knife he guts
him and starts eating his intestines as
the boy screams in agony inside the
clown room music starts to play and a
puppet show starts the guy stuck inside
starts smoking and enjoying it suddenly
the music stops and the puppets start
cutting their strings with their knives
they start advancing at him with their
knives pointed his way
he gets scared and asks timmy to cut it
out admitting that he's scared
as he says this the puppets drop down to
the floor
he then turns around but the creepy
clown doll from the pop-up toy appears
and drags him towards all the puppets
who start repeatedly stabbing him all at
once as he wails in pain
in the garage brian is looking through
tim's stuff and telling april that he's
a freak april tells him to stop and
leave but he keeps ruining tim's things
as he's busy in the act a scary demon
appears in the garage april successfully
escapes the room but brian is stuck he
is lured into a room by a feminine voice
inside the room a beautiful woman
approaches him bewitching him by her
charms and beauty
she comes closer to him and suddenly
cuts his throat open he looks up at her
to see that her face has now changed
into that of a monster's the trickster
tells timmy that he is proud of him he
reminds him that april is still alive
and they have to kill as well
the terrified april is looking for a way
to escape this hellish situation
she tries to open the front door with
tears running down her cheeks but in
vain she even tries to break it with a
chair but to no avail
april runs and hides inside a closet and
tries not to make any sound
the closet door starts rattling and she
freaks out the closet door then opens to
reveal tim he asks her to come with him
and tries to help her escape the
trickster april asks him what's going on
just as he's about to explain it to her
the trickster appears
he tells tim that he's disappointed in
him for trying to save april and ruining
the fun
the doorbell rings and they start
banging at the door frantically however
the kids outside cannot hear them timmy
gets angry at the trickster and tells
him off saying he never wished to kill
anyone he just wanted to scare them the
trickster reminds him that he was the
one who had wished to scare them to
death and now he has to finish the game
tim remembers the book in the attic with
the trickster's picture in
he realizes that they need that book to
escape the house and get rid of the
trickster he tries to run to the attic
but the trickster turns into a giant
monster and gets in his way
april and tim make their way to the
attic and read the book to understand
how to get rid of the trickster they
figure out that they need a wick and the
pumpkin but as they are reading it a
hole opens under april and she falls
into a channel of underground tunnels
there she finds a giant spider who
starts chasing her
she screams and starts to run tim finds
her and pulls her back to the attic he
tells her they have to go back
downstairs to put an end to the
trickster's terror they carefully make
their way into the hall to look for the
pumpkin and awake as instructed by the
book but the trickster throws tim
against a wall
tim distracts the monster as april runs
to a room and locks herself inside
downstairs the monster turns into tim's
estranged father he starts telling tim
made-up lies attacking him mentally with
his tricks and playing with his emotions
he then asks timmy for the pumpkin but
tim throws it on the floor and it turns
to mush
the dad and the trickster immediately
evaporate into thin air timmy goes into
the bedroom and tells april that
everything is all right and that they
can get out
april is relieved and tries to jump out
of the window the window however comes
crashing down on her and a broken shard
of glass stabs her in the back killing
her on spot
tim starts screaming and finds the
carved pumpkin next to him in the next
scene he wakes up on the sofa where he'd
been watching tv earlier he thinks that
he might have been dreaming and brushes
it off
just then his mother returns from her
evening shift she greets timmy and goes
inside a couple of seconds later timmy
hears her blood-curdling scream he walks
inside to find brian and his friend's
corpses lying inside the hallway with
blood splattered everywhere
he looks into his hand to see that he's
holding a bloody knife
his mom freaks out and gets alarmed she
keeps repeatedly telling him that she
loves him tim assures her that he knows
that as he stabs his mother to death as
well
in the next scene a doctor is escorting
a new nurse called kelly inside the
psyche ward as he explains all the rules
and protocol to her he advises her not
to let her guard down since all the
cases in the ward are high risk
they can cause serious damage he says if
one isn't careful he introduces her to
timothy who is the same kid from earlier
only grown up now
he advises her never to call him timmy
and tells her how he killed five people
including his mother and still blames it
on monsters
he says that tim would have gotten the
death penalty if he wasn't a minor at
the time he committed his crimes the
nurse says she remembers him from the
news she looks at him from his cell
window and starts feeling bad for him
saying he looks sad but the severity of
his crime shocks her greatly nurse kelly
then settles into her office and starts
taking calls for her night shift another
doctor walks in and introduces himself
he tells her that he needs her to get a
file for a patient who died of cardiac
arrest so that he can call the coroner
to get his body he explains that
halloween eve elevates the anxiety of
some of their patients especially the
ones who have schizophrenia or dementia
he advises her to be prepared to sedate
any patient in case of an emergency and
tells her to stay away from a patient
who bites a lot as he leaves inside his
cell tim gets flashbacks from when he
first arrived in the facility and sits
down at his desk to draw
nurse kelly makes her way down the hall
and hears the wailing of patients she
enters the files room to get what the
doctor had asked in one of the drawers
she finds tim's file which is labeled
confidential inside his cell tim draws a
picture of nurse kelly kelly is on her
desk about to open tim's file when she
receives another phone call
she answers it to find a distressed girl
on the other end who pleads with her to
let her talk to tim
while balling the girl tells her that
everyone is dead and tim can help her
fight him kelly asks who she means by
him to which the girl replies that he
calls himself the trickster as she says
that nurse kelly pulls out a drawing of
the trickster from tim's file and the
movie comes to an end
that's it for today guys hope you
enjoyed this crazy one